v2.1: Gracious Goblin Release! (#147)
nf-core/createtaxdb: docs/usage/tutorials.md

   GCF_003054445.1,4909,https://ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/genomes/all/GCF/003/054/445/GCF_003054445.1_ASM305444v1/GCF_003054445.1_ASM305444v1_genomic.fna.gz,https://ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/genomes/all/GCF/003/054/445/GCF_003054445.1_ASM305444v1/GCF_003054445.1_ASM305444v1_protein.faa.gz
   ```

   :::tip
   If you only want to build DNA-based databases (for example, Kraken2), omit the `$4` variable definition and printing.

   ```bash
   awk 'BEGIN { FS="\t"; OFS="," }
   NR>1 {
   base=$3; sub(".*/","",base)
   $3=$3 "/" base "_genomic.fna.gz"
   }
   { print $1,$2,$3 }' assembly_summary_simplified.txt > samplesheet.csv
   ```

   This results in:

   ```csv
   id,taxid,fasta_dna
   GCF_041956525.1,4840,https://ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/genomes/all/GCF/041/956/525/GCF_041956525.1_Rhipu1/GCF_041956525.1_Rhipu1_genomic.fna.gz
   GCF_000002945.2,4896,https://ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/genomes/all/GCF/000/002/945/GCF_000002945.2_ASM294v3/GCF_000002945.2_ASM294v3_genomic.fna.gz
   GCF_003054445.1,4909,https://ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/genomes/all/GCF/003/054/445/GCF_003054445.1_ASM305444v1/GCF_003054445.1_ASM305444v1_genomic.fna.gz
   ```

>    If you only want to build amino acid-based databases (for example, Kaiju), omit the `$4` variable definition and printing, and replace the `$3` field with `_protein.faa.gz`.

Reviewer: Do you mean omit the $3 now? Omit the dna ones, and use the amino acid $4 ones?

Author: Uhhh good point. Phrasing is confusing.

```suggestion
   If you only want to build amino acid-based databases (for example, Kaiju), remove the `$3` field specifying `_genomic.fna.gz`, and rename the `$4` field with `_protein.faa.gz` to `$3`.
```

Is that better @vagkaratzas ?
